in this video,
we're going to speak about slicer styles,
so slices can be moved around like this,
and you can also resize them as you see fit.
And you could also apply different styles to them.
So to apply a style to a slicer,
you need to,
first of all,
selected slicer and then go to the option stab here.
That only appears if you select a slicer.
So if you don't select the slicer,
you won't have this option step.
So selected slicer goody options stabbed here.
And as you can see here,
you have some options for your slicers for arranging them and aligning them.
So you have some align tools here on all that,
but you'll have also the slicer styles,
so these slicer styles options allow you to apply different styles to your spices so you
can apply it like different colors here.
And as you can see here,
you could apply some colors to your slicers.
Different colors there,
not a lot of colors,
but you could also create a custom style which we're going to speak about in another video
,
and you could also apply a style to multiple slices by clicking on the first slicer and
then holding the control button and selecting oldest lasers,
for example,
using your control button like this and then clicking on a certain style.
And this will apply that particular style to all your slices.
Okay,
so this is how you can apply styles to your slicers.
Thank you so much.
Watch conduce video I'll see on the next one.